Improve experimental setup (#9)
VaniOFX/DQN-divergence: blog_post.md

*We thus compare 4 different setups for each environment*: without tricks (vanilla agent), with Memory Replay (memory agent), with target networks (target agent), and with both tricks (DQN / memory+target agent).

We run each experiment with **random seeds from 1 to 25** to achieve more statistically sound results, while taking into account our computational budget. If the maximal absolute Q-value, predicted in any of the last 20 training episodes, is above the threshold $$\frac{1}{1-\gamma}$$, we say soft divergence occurs. 
<!--- At the end, we compare the configurations by counting how many times each of them has diverged. -->

All the agents are **trained for 700 episodes** which we found to be enough for them to learn to win the games. For better exploration, we use an **$$\epsilon$$-greedy** strategy which is **linearly annealed from 1 to 0.1 during the first 400 episodes**, and keep it fixed after. The discount factor is **$$\gamma = 0.99$$** for all the environments.

> Another hyperparameter is the **frequency of target network updates** (whenever the technique is used) and we empirically find **400, 2000, 2000** to work well for **Mountain Car, Cart Pole and Acrobot respectively** (environments are described below). No extensive hyperparameter search has been executed since the focus of our work is not state-of-the-art performance but to compare the importance of the methods instead. The values of **the parameters are selected manually for the configuration with no tricks** and kept fixed for all other configurations of the respective environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another hyperparameter is the **frequency of target network updates** (whenever the technique is used) and we empirically find **400, 2000, 2000** to work well for **Mountain Car, Cart Pole and Acrobot respectively**. No extensive hyperparameter search has been executed since the focus of our work is not state-of-the-art performance but to compare the importance of the methods instead. The values of **the parameters are selected manually for the configuration with no tricks** and kept fixed for all other configurations of the respective environment.
```

Reviewer: Remove the "environments are described below"

> Similar to the original paper, we use the **mean-squared error (MSE)**. Clipping it between $$[-1, 1]$$ has been reported to improve the training stability of DQN and we do it for all environments except Cart Pole, which yields better results without it. The error is optimized by [Adam](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1412.6980.pdf) with a **learning rate $$\alpha = 0.001$$**. The choice of optimizer deviates from the original paper but has shown great success in deep learning recently. Additional experiments with different values of the learning rate and the contribution of error clipping are left for future work.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Similar to the original paper, we use the **mean-squared error (MSE)** loss between the predicted and bootstrap $$Q$$-values. Clipping the loss between $$[-1, 1]$$ has been reported to improve the training stability of DQN. We do this for all environments except Cart Pole, which yields better results without the clipping. The error is optimized by [Adam](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1412.6980.pdf) with a **learning rate $$\alpha = 0.001$$**. The choice of optimizer deviates from the original paper but has shown great success in deep learning recently. Additional experiments with different values of the learning rate and the contribution of error clipping are left for future work.
```
